STRICTLY SCOPED iOS SENTRY BUILD FIX — DO NOT TOUCH ANYTHING ELSE

The second Expo Launch App Store attempt progressed further than the first:

Install iOS dependencies now PASSES.
The previous Clerk/SPM/CocoaPods blocker is fixed and must remain unchanged.
The new failure occurs during Create iOS build.

Exact failure:

Script 'Upload Debug Symbols to Sentry' failed

Error: Cannot find module '@sentry/cli/package.json'

code: 'MODULE_NOT_FOUND'

The failing build phase is:

Upload Debug Symbols to Sentry

The archive then fails with exit status 65.

Scope

Fix only the missing Sentry CLI/build-phase dependency required for the iOS archive.

Do not change:

the Task #80 Clerk iOS autolinking exclusion;
Clerk auth behavior;
Clerk keys or environments;
Expo/EAS project identity;
Apple certificates;
provisioning profiles;
iOS bundle identifier;
Android package identifier;
Mobile UI or business logic;
Home, Sessions, Book, Memberships, Profile;
reminders;
biometrics;
API/Portal;
Acuity;
Square;
deployment;
App Store metadata;
package versions unrelated to Sentry.

Do not perform a broad dependency upgrade.

Diagnose first

Inspect:

current @sentry/react-native version;
whether @sentry/cli is present directly or transitively;
Expo/Sentry config plugin setup;
generated iOS Upload Debug Symbols to Sentry build phase;
whether the build phase is expected to resolve @sentry/cli/package.json from the app package;
whether pnpm/workspace layout is causing the generated Xcode script to miss the CLI.
Preferred fix

Apply the smallest supported fix that makes the existing Sentry iOS build phase succeed under this Expo 54 / React Native 0.81.5 / pnpm workspace.

Prefer:

adding the exact missing Sentry CLI package only if the current Sentry integration officially expects it;
or a documented Sentry/Expo build-phase/config correction;
avoid changing or disabling Sentry unless the documented integration requires that.

Do not remove Sentry monitoring simply to make the build pass.

If the correct fix requires a broad Sentry or Expo upgrade, stop and report instead of implementing it.

Verification

After the narrow fix:

Mobile typecheck must pass.
Existing focused Mobile tests must pass.
iOS dependency installation must still pass.
Reproduce or validate the generated Sentry build phase and confirm @sentry/cli/package.json resolves successfully.
Confirm Android build behavior remains unchanged.
Run the existing production bundle checks if they do not mutate external services.

Do not rerun Expo Launch/App Store publishing automatically.

Stop after proving the iOS archive blocker is corrected and report:

root cause;
exact files changed;
dependency changes, if any;
why the fix is minimal;
verification results;
whether it is safe for me to manually retry Expo Launch again.

If uncertain, do not guess.