We are proceeding with the Codemagic fallback path.

Perform ONE CONTROLLED CONFIGURATION PREPARATION PASS ONLY for the existing ios-release Codemagic workflow.

Do not run Codemagic. Do not build the iOS app. Do not run expo prebuild, CocoaPods, Xcode, EAS, Expo Launch, or any publishing operation. Do not authenticate to Apple or Codemagic. Do not commit, push, pull, or fetch Git.

We are preparing the workflow so that our first Codemagic run is diagnostic/build-only and CANNOT automatically submit to TestFlight.

Before editing anything, inspect the current files again and confirm the expected starting state.

Then make only the following narrowly scoped changes to codemagic.yaml:

1. Disable automatic TestFlight submission

The first Codemagic build must NOT submit anything to App Store Connect/TestFlight.

Remove or disable the existing automatic publishing behavior containing:

submit_to_testflight: true

The resulting diagnostic workflow must build/export artifacts only.

Do not replace it with another publishing mechanism.

2. Correct the CocoaPods/prebuild sequence

The current workflow runs:

npx expo prebuild --platform ios --clean --no-install

and then expects fitclub15.xcworkspace, without explicitly installing Pods.

Modify the workflow so a clean Codemagic machine deterministically installs the iOS CocoaPods dependencies after prebuild and before xcode-project use-profiles / xcodebuild.

Use the appropriate CocoaPods installation procedure for the generated Expo SDK 54 iOS project.

Do not run the command locally. We are editing the Codemagic workflow only.

3. Preserve diagnostic artifacts

Configure Codemagic artifacts so the first build retains, where generated:

exported .ipa
build/app.xcarchive
all .dSYM bundles associated with that archive
dependable Xcode build/archive/export logs

Do not enable Sentry upload or any other external diagnostic upload.

4. Make the DEVELOPMENT_TEAM handling safe

Review the existing command that derives DEVELOPMENT_TEAM from CM_CERTIFICATE.

If the current command can silently produce an empty team identifier and pass that into xcodebuild, change the workflow so it does NOT override Xcode/Codemagic's correctly resolved signing team with an empty value.

Prefer Codemagic's supported automatic signing/profile mechanism rather than inventing or hardcoding an Apple Team ID.

DO NOT change:

com.fitclub15.app
Expo SDK
React Native
any npm/pnpm dependency
package.json
pnpm-lock.yaml
app.json
source/runtime code
Clerk configuration
Sentry configuration
Replit secrets
Git configuration
Apple credentials
App Store Connect records
Expo Launch configuration

Do not touch the existing tracked .p8 file during this pass. We will handle credential remediation separately.

After editing, perform static/read-only validation only:

Show the complete git diff -- codemagic.yaml.
Confirm YAML syntax is valid.
Confirm com.fitclub15.app remains the signing bundle identifier.
Confirm there is no active submit_to_testflight: true.
Confirm CocoaPods installation occurs after Expo prebuild and before Xcode archive.
Confirm the artifact definitions retain IPA, xcarchive, dSYM and Xcode logs.
Confirm no credential/private-key value was introduced into the YAML.
Run git diff --check.
Report every changed file.

If accomplishing any of these requirements would require changing something outside codemagic.yaml, STOP and report that requirement instead of making the additional change.

Finish with:

CODEMAGIC WORKFLOW PREPARATION RESULT

and report:

exact changes made
complete diff
static validation results
anything still required in the Codemagic UI/account before the first build
whether the workflow is now safe to run without automatically uploading to TestFlight

Do not start the build. Stop and wait for approval.